Here is our Udacity workspace and I actually am running
Visual Studio Code in the workspace and this is the scaffolding code or the starter code.
I'll expand Visual Studio Code just to make it a little easier to follow here.
So this is what the code looks like when we pull it down from
the repository and the code is organized in a few different subfolder.
There's an images folder,
this folder actually isn't all that relevant for the project,
we store a couple of images here that make the ReadMe work nice.
Otherwise, we're not really going to use it.
The two folders that are more relevant are Include and Source,
and these are pretty common directories for C++ project structures.
They include directory has a number of.h files,
these are header files that define interfaces.
Then the source file or SRC directory has source code files,
so.cpp files that define
the implementation of lots of
different classes and functions that are declared within the include file.
So in the include directory,
we will declare different classes and functions,
and in the source directory,
we will actually implement and define those different classes and functions.
An example just to take a quick look might be for example, system.h.
So you can see here we are declaring
a class system and declaring the interface to that class.
Then if we look at system.cpp,
system.cpp has very bare bonds implementations or definitions of all of
the class methods member functions that are declared in the header file,
those are defined and implemented in system.cpp.
You can also see here a lot of different todos,
those todos are one of the main semantic markers that we've left in the project.
All these different comments tell you what is
left for you to do in order to complete the project.
If we look at some different starter code,
so for example the ncurses_display,
there's nothing left for you to do here.
If we open up the source code file as well,
you can see there are some comments but all of this code is pretty much written up.
You're welcome to change it if you'd like,
but as far as the ncurses_display goes because we didn't want
this project to get too bogged down in the details of ncurses,
we've provided all of this to you and as long as
your system and process objects behave as expected,
then you shouldn't need to touch the ncurses_display code.
If we look at a different file,
say at linux_parser.h and linux_parser.cpp,
you'll see that there are some functions that are marked as done.
We've provided some example functions and mark them as done.
This function is actually marked bonus because there's
some interesting stuff that you could do here
with this function and then lots of functions marked todo.
Hopefully, those semantic markers give
you a guide post
or a suggestion about how to proceed with completing the project.